Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: UI Specification Review Meeting 1
Persons present: gwc1, dub4, fia5, ade12, tam41, kif11 (jco3 absent)
Place and date of meeting: Hugh Owen Library, Tuesday 21st February 2023 
Circulation list: All review team members and kif11
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 21/02/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============
n/a first review meeting

New business
============

1. Review team discussed status of specification.
	
	1.1. Review team discussed status of front page.
		
		1.1.1. Does document have a title?
		The document has a title.

		1.1.2. Does document contain correct config reference?
		Add config ref to spreadsheet.
		ACTION: ade12, tam41

		1.1.3. Does document contain date?
		Update the date after each new version.
		ACTION: ade12, tam41

		1.1.4. Does document contain correct version number?
		Version number needs changing.
		ACTION: ade12, tam41

		1.1.5. Is the document status correct?
		Document status was correct.

		1.1.6. Does document contain copyright notice?
		Document contains the correct copyright notice.

	1.2. Review team discussed the status of headers.
	
		1.2.1. Does the header contain the title?
		Header contains title.
		
		1.2.2. Does the header contain the version number?
		Header contains version number.

		1.2.3. Does the header contain the document status?
		Header contains the document status.
		
		1.2.4. Does the header display on every page?
		Header displays on every page.
		
	1.3. Review team discussed the status of the footers.
	
		1.3.1. Does the footer contain "Aberystwyth University / Computer Science"?
		Footer contains correct information.
		
		1.3.2. Does the footer contain "Page x of y"?
		Footer contains the correct information.
		
		1.3.3. Does the footer appear on every page?
		The footer does appear on every page.
	
	1.4. Review team discussed the sections of the document.
	
		1.4.1. Does the document contain a contents page, an introduction,
		and a purpose of document?
		The document contains all elements.
		
		1.4.2. Does the document contain a scope?
		Scope requires updating.
		ACTION: ade12, tam41
		
		1.4.3. Does the document contain objectives?
		Objectives require further detail and must be re-formatted to bullet point,
		ACTION: ade12, tam41
		
		1.4.4. Does the document contain a <Main Body> with appropriate sections>?
		Review team agreed to rename "Typical User", "Use Cases" and "Error Conditions".
		ACTION: ade12, tam41
		
		1.4.5. Does the document contain a change history with the date changes made and UID's.
		Dates need amending and sections need updating with more detail.
		ACTION: ade12, tam41.
		
		1.4.6. Are sections numbered correctly?
		Sections are numbered correctly.
		
	1.5. Review team discussed the fonts used the labelling of diagrams.
	Headings require updating to correct format, figure captions need adding.
	ACTION: ade12, tam41
	
	1.6. Does the typical users section give good examples?
	Section requires re-structuring to make more formal and consistent.
	ACTION: ade12, tam41
	
	1.7. Review team discussed the use cases.
	Review team agreed that improvements were needed.
	References to functional need adding.
	"In-depth" section needs to be re-written as "Use Case".
	Use cases need to be linked to functional requirements.
	ACTION: ade12, tam41
	
	1.8. Review team discussed the error conditions.
	The review team agreed improvements were needed.
	Title needs to change to "Error Conditions".
	Update structure to reflect example UI spec.
	ACTION: ade12, tam41
	
		
2. Review team discussed status of the PowerPoint presentation.	
The review team agreed improvements were needed.
Unnecessary use cases need removing.
Update final states, actions, and results.
ACTION: fia5, jco3
		
3. Review team discussed how to track the changes required.
Dustin Baker agreed to make issues for each task.
ACTION: dub4

4. Review team discussed booking a follow up meeting.
Review team agreed to meet at the High Owen library on 23/02/23 at 10am.

AOB 
=== 
-Contact James Owen to give update on progress.
