Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 27th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 27/02/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============

1. Has everyone uploaded files and blogs?
All members have uploaded blogs for this week.
George Cooper reminded the group to keep track of everything, and try to
average 9-12hrs a week.
All members now rounding up hours spent to nearest hour.

2. What is the status of the GitLab repository?
Dustin Baker informed the group some minutes had been moved
Dustin Baker informed the group he created permanent folders for some files
in dev.

3. Review meetings 1 and 2 summary
UI spec status - Tate Moore and Adrian Enache updated the group on status of UI spec.
First release has been uploaded to GitLab.
Spec has been re-structured and use cases have been added.
Dustin upload list of necessary changes to implement after feedback.
ACTION: dub4

4. Presentation status
Fin Aubin explained current status of PowerPoint, 
described changes that were made.
Further changes required after feedback next week.
Config reference not needed.
change slide 1.2
Dustin to upload identified problems.
ACTION: dub4


5. Any progress on prototype code?
No progress was made on prototype code this week

New business
============

1. New Discord server for project discussion.
James Owen and Fin Aubin made discord server, link on GitLab discord
Everyone join.
ACTION: All

2. Is everyone aware of GitLab practices?
Fin Aubin having trouble with VPN.
George Cooper agreed to help after the meeting.
Everyone happy with pulling and pushing.
ACTION: gwc1

3. 2 or 3 people to work on test specification.
PF tests need adding.
Tests need updating after error condition changed.
More tests required for existing FR.
ACTION: gwc1, kif11, ade12

4. Test specification review meeting.
Meeting scheduled for Tuesday 12-1 at High Owen library.
gwc1/dub4/kif11/ade12 Assigned to review team
ACTION: gwc1/dub4/kif11/ade12


5. 2 people to work on design specification
Sections 1 and 2 complete.
ACTION: tam41, jco3

6. prototype coding, implement UI.
Present UI next week.
ACTION: fia5

7. Manage issues
Create new issues after test spec review meeting.
ACTION: Dub4

AOB
===
- Send link to Chris with link to repo, mention changes.
- Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project

