Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89, dub4 
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 20th March 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 20/03/23 
Version: 1.2

Matters arising 
===============
1. Has everyone uploaded files/blogs?
jco3 make sure dates are correct.
have hrs been rounded up?
ACTION: jco3 update date in blog and file name and round up hours.

2. Status of gitlab repository?
	Spreadsheet updated.

3. UI document completed ade12?
	More stuff needs tweaking
	Make necessary changes.
	ACTION: ade12 by 20/03/23

4. UI presentation completed fia5?
	Usecase 2.2.5 - 3.2 still need completing.
	Use scenebuilder rotation to complete usecases quicker.

5. Design specification status
	5.1 review meetings summary - gwc1 summarised review meeting findings.
	5.2 has it been uploaded? - document has been uploaded.
	5.3 known improvements - section 5 still incomplete.
	section 5 needs completing (UML diagrams missing) more sequence diagrams.
	
6. Test spec improvements
	6.1 Group went through feedback.
	6.2 Whats been done? kif11 worked on feedback, implemented some changes (see issues)
	6.3 what still needs to be done? - more tests need updating with feedback.
	need to identify equivalence partitions and boundary cases as discussed in the lecture on system testing.
	make more reproducible.
	
7. Programming progress.
    gwc1 showed off improvements.
	UI bugs fixed, front end progressed
	Group discussed where to save savefiles save in appdata? or in project?
	Look into how to save moves (fen strings?)
	method to update UI from array
	More work on backend needed.

New business
============

1. 1 or 2 to work on Test spec
	Review meeting? 
	Discuss at Library meeting on Tuesday.
	Make more improvements.
	Make all tests reproducible.
	ACTION: kif11 by 27/03/23

2. 1 or 2 to work on presentation if not done
	fia5 finish presentation by 27/03/23
	gwc1 go through scenebuilder on tuesday
	ACTION: fia5 by 27/03/23

2. 3 or 4 people to work on programming
	gwc1/ade12/jco3
	- movement
	- legal moves
	- check/checkmate
	- UI (implement end screen)
	ACTION: gwc1/ade12/jco3

3. 1 or 2 people to look into JUnit
	write tests when parts of programming are complete.
	ACTION: tam41 by 21/03/23

4. Work on ITW plan
	Where Group discussed where they wanted to meet
	decided on Hugh Owen Library (book rooms in advance) 
	or physical science library if no rooms are available.
	Group discussed hours, decided to dicusss again later the time. 
	Group disccussed dividing into sub-teams 
	(QA(tate/kiff)/front end(fia)/back end(ade,jco3)/document refinement/project report(gwc1)
	do we want to work bank holiday? Yes if needed.
	ACTION: gwc1 start writing down plan and book rooms by 27/03/23

5. Work over Easter
	Who's doing what? Group decided to agree on discord server at the end of the week.
	Group discussed hosting online meetings during easter? 
	Agreed to but make optional and only if need be.


AOB
===
1. Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project (ACTION: All)
2. fia5 test vpn (ACTION: fia5)