Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 6th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 6/02/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============
1. Group discussed status of Gitlab repository (point 4 of minutes 30th January). all online apart from jco3 and jag89(status unknown).
Group agreed to get jco3 online at the meeting on Tuesday.
ACTION: jco3

2. Fin Aubin reported back on SE.QA.04 (point 5 of minutes 30th January).
Fin agreed to upload the notes to gitlab.
ACTION: fia5

3. Group discussed Panopto recording (point 7 of minutes 30th January). All watched apart from jco3 and jag89(status unknown).
James Owen agreed to watch the lecture before next week.
ACTION: jco3

4. Group discussed group project intro (point 8 of minutes 30th January). All members read the intro. No further action required.

5. Adrian Enache reported back on SE.QA.06 (point 9 of minutes 30th January). Agreed to upload the notes to gitlab.
ACTION: ade12

6. Kieran Foy reported back on planned implementation (point 10 of minutes 30th January). He discussed potential classes. 
Group discussed implementation. Kieran raised concerns about detecting checkmate.
Group decided to prioritise basic functionality over optional features.
Kieran agreed to upload notes/implementation plan to gitlab.
ACTION: kif11

7. Tate Moore reported back on progress of on-screen display (point 11 of minutes 30th January).
He explained the purpose and functionality of the on-screen display to the group.
The group decided to use grid pane to represent the chess board.
Tate agreed to upload his experiments to gitlab.
ACTION: tam41

8. George Cooper reported back on SE.QA.01, SE.QA.02 and SE.QA.03 (point 12 of minutes 30th January).
Summary was uploaded to gitlab.

9. Group discussed appointing a leader/QA manager (point 14 of minutes 30th January)
Group decided to appoint:
Dustin Baker as QA manager,
Adrian Enache as deputy QA manager, 
George Cooper as project leader,
Kieran Foy as deputy leader.

New business 
============
1. Introductions 
Members absent last week introduced themselves to the rest of the group.
- dub4 Dustin Baker
- jco3 James Owen

2. Two people to further develop UI and develop UI prototype screens
ACTION: fia5, tam41

3. Two people to produce example tests and report back next week.
ACTION: dub4, jco3

4. One person to look at QA docs 7 and 8, write summary notes and report
back next week.
ACTION: ade12

5. Two people to further investigate implementation. 
Create draft diagrams and pseudo code.
ACTION: kif11, gwc1

6. Kieran Foy suggested setting a goal for next week.
Group discussed and agreed to:
-write some pseudo code/diagrams
-work on UI (different screens) kif11 bring some examples
-write some test specifications
ACTION: All

AOB 
=== 	
- Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project.
