Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89, jco3
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 13th March 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 13/03/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============

1. Has everyone uploaded files and blogs?
A couple blogs needed changing.
kif11 needs to fix typo, fia5/jco3 need to round up hours to nearest hour.
ACTION: kif11/fia5/jco3 by 14/03/23
kif11 needs to upload missing work.
ACTION: kif11 by 13/03/23

2. What is the status of the GitLab repository?
Dustin Baker updated group on status of the repository.
All in order, added new issues after review meeting.

3. Did Fin Aubin and Dustin Baker go through PowerPoint changes?
fia5/dub4 went through changes required.
Added use cases and tasks some slides need adding and changes, comments added, need error conditions.

4. UI feedback were all changes implemented?
UI spec needs a couple small adjustment.

Presentation needs a lot more work:
	Aspect ratio needs changing.
	group agreed to use json to save files.
	pieces in wrong squares.
	board needs flipping after each game.
	castling slide needs changing.
ACTION: ade12 change colours for piece selection on the UI spec by 20/03/23

5. Group discussed design document status.
Changes after review meeting made.
more detail about subclasses in section 2 required.
Significant algorithms need restructuring.

6. Group discussed review meeting for design document 08/03/23
comments added to document by dub4.

7. Programming demo
George Cooper showed off UI changes.
Implemented main screens using java fx.
Kieran Foy created a 2D array to hold board.

New business
============

1. Review meeting for design needed?
Group decided to meet on Wednesday 12-1 in the Hugh Owen Library to discuss.
the status of the design document.
ACTION: gwc1, dub4, tam41, jco3, ade12 meet 15/03/23.

2. 2 or 3 people to work on design document and have a finished document ready
to submit by next tutorial meeting.
ACTION: tam41, jco3, ade12 by 20/03/23

2. Updates to the UI/Presentation?
ade12 agreed to complete the design document changes.
fia5 agreed to complete presentation changes and upload new fxml files.
ACTION: ade12, fia5 by 20/03/23

3. Programming - More UI work with updated fxml, testing, 
moving, check, checkmate
gwc1: rotation function, load and saving with json
kif11: movement, redo work from last week to make method more efficient.
Show off changes at review meeting next week.
ACTION: gwc1/kif11 by 20/03/23

4. Update spreadsheet to feature tasks and blog hours.
ACTION: gwc1 by 20/03/23

5. Update repository with new issues, prepare for review meeting, create table to
record design spec changes required.
ACTION: dub4 by 20/03/23

AOB
===
1. Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project (ACTION: All)
2. Dub4 helped fia5 with merging repository (ACTION: dub4/fia5)
