Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 13th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 13/02/23 
Version: 1.3

Matters arising 
===============

1. Status of gitlab, is everyone online?
Group discussed gitlab, everyone online apart from jag89.
Dustin Baker explained issues, structure, milestones and where to put files to the group.

2. Has everyone uploaded files?
Everyone uploaded blogs apart from jco3. 
Everyone uploaded this weekâ€™s work apart from ade12.
ACTION: jco3, ade12 

3. UI development (fia4, tam41, point 2 of minutes 6th February)
Tate Moore reported back on use cases, Fin Aubin showed UI mock-ups.
Group decided to focus on functional requirements first such as piece selection (black or white) 
before optional extras such as board looks.
Tate showed mock-up of board, group was happy with mock-up.

4.  Dustin Baker and James Owen reported back on the example tests (point 3 of minutes 6th February).
dub4 showed example test specification to the group.
Example test cases were shown off.


5. QA docs summary ade12, (point 4 of minutes 6th February)
Adrian Enache reported back on doc SE.QA.07 and SE.QA.08.
All group members understood the documentation after discussion.
Adrian agreed to upload the summary to gitlab.
ACTION: ade12

6. Implementation/Design kif11, gwc1 (point 5 of minutes 6th February)
Kieran Foy reported back on pseudo code. 
George Cooper discussed the classes and draft design spec.
Group agreed to combine work to make draft deliverables.
Adrian Enache asked about saving game. Dustin Baker suggested using fen strings.

New business
============

1. 2 people to work on draft use case document to describe the use cases and report back next week (see SE.QA.04 for more info).
ACTION: ade12, tam41

2. 1 or 2 people to produce draft Interactive online presentation which shows the user experience.
Mock-up UI screen required for every use case (see example PowerPoint on blackboard for more info)
ACTION: jco3, fia5

3. 1 person to work on mock-up screens for the PowerPoint.
ACTION: fia5

4. 1 person to combine test specification work into a draft document and work on final draft tests for all requirements.
ACTION: dub4

5. 2 people to continue work on draft design specification document and report back next week on progress.
ACTION: kif11, gwc1

AOB 
=== 	
- Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project.
- Think about review meeting date.