Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 24th April 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 24/04/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============

1. Has everyone uploaded files/blogs?
	Some blogs are missing/have wrong dates.
	ACTION: jco3, tam41 look at blogs, update dates by this evening (24/04/23)
	
2. Status of gitlab repository?
	Dub4 updated group on repository.
	All work uploaded for this week has been uploaded.
	Test spec issues all closed.

3. Test specification status
	Dub4 looked over test specification,
	no further changes required.
	
4. JUnit tests status
	tam41, kif11 worked on testing.
	-implemented tests for pawn movement.
	-still need test document.
	-more tests required.

5. UI presentation done?
	dub4 look over UI presentation
	- change pause screen menu
	- make more viable scenarios
	- respond to comments
	ACTION: dub4, Update issues
	
6. Programming update
	
	- Group discussed using board array instead of reading json files
	for check/checkmate.
	- Reminder to make sure code compiles before pushing
	- Method to create save file before reading/writing required
	- Call pawn taking method
	- add method to save (make into json object and put)

	gwc1 showed off chess project (take and show moves)
	
	Group discussed what's done and what needs to be done?
	- show moves - done
	- take piece - need method to prevent pieces from jumping.
	- check/checkmate - needs completing.
	- castling/en passant - need completing.
	- pawn promotion - controller/frontend some of the logic implemented, needs completing
	- save/load - saving complete, loading needs completing
	- replay - not implemented
	
7. Design document status
	- Section 5 still needs completing
	- look at issues for tasks to complete.

8. Room booking
	-Book week in advance
	ACTION: gwc1 by Friday (28/04/23)
	
New business
============
1. Muw4 informed the group of preparations required for integration week.
	- Group must email location/time of meeting during integration to project manager.
	- Must write a blog of all work completed that day.
	- Group must use gitlab issues.

2. 1 or 2 people to work on Junit tests
	- Write more tests.
	- Work on test report test table for integration week. (see SE-10)
	ACTION: Kif11, Tam41 by next week (1/05/23)

3. 1 or 2 people to work on documentation 
	Design spec - finish section 5 
	ACTION: Tam41 by next week (1/05/23)
	
	UI presentation - look at comments and update.
	ACTION: Gwc1

4. 3 or 4 people to work on programming
	- movement piece - fix jumping over piece bug gwc1
	- check/checkmate - jco3
	- castling - jco3
	- en passant - gwc1
	- pawn promotion - fia5
	- save/load - ade12
	- replay - ade12 
	
	- add comments - all
	- add version - all
	
	Show off work completed at next meeting.
	
	ACTION: gwc1, ade12, jco3
	
5. More sessions to work together?
	Meet Tuesday
	Agree if we need more on Tuesday.

AOB
===
1. Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project (ACTION: All)
