Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 6th March 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 06/03/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============

1. Has everyone uploaded files and blogs?
All members have uploaded their blogs and work for this week.
Dustin Baker uploaded required changes/identified problems for UI/PowerPoint

2. What is the status of the GitLab repository?
Dustin Baker uploaded new issues for UI feedback.
changed reference ID's to remove version numbers.

3. Have all members joined discord?
All members have joined.

4. Test spec progress report (gwc1/dub4/kif11/ade12)
First test specification release has been uploaded.
Improvements required after receiving feedback.

5. Design spec progress report (tam41/jco3)
More sections required filling in. 
Add more to section 4, complete 5
Comments added by tam41 identifying improvements required.

6. UI demo (fia5)
Fin Aubin demonstrated UI.
Merged previous test code with UI changes.
Start menu complete.
Group discussed implementing an option bar vs pause menu.
Decided on a pause menu.
more options needed for recording game.
Fin Aubin agreed to go through with changes needed with Dustin Baker.
ACTION: dub4/fia5 by 13/02/23

New business
============

1. UI feedback, go through feedback
Group went through feedback on UI.
Group discussed character limits: (ban new/line characters, min of 1, limit to 20 characters,
1 or 2 people to work on feedback.
ACTION: ade12 - implement changes to UI spec based on feedback by 13/02/23.
ACTION: fia5 - presentation, make changes based on feedback add screens by 13/02/23.

2. 2 or 3 people to work on design doc.
Add more to section 4.
Work on section 5.
Implement changes after review meeting.
ACTION: tam41/jco3 by 13/02/23.

3. Review meeting for design spec
12:00-13:00 in gp room 8 High Owen Library.
ACTION: gwc1/dub4/tam41/jco3.

4. 2 or 3 to work on prototype code, continue work on UI.
Compile into one program, discuss what we want to work on.
Present progress next week.
ACTION: gwc1/kif11 by 13/02/23


5. Manage new issues
ACTION: dub4 by 9/02/23.

AOB
===
1. fin vpn issue
2. Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project (ACTION: All)
