Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 20th February 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 20/02/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============

1. Has everyone uploaded files? /general status of repository
Group discussed status of repository.
Dustin mentioned to not use fractions of hours in blogs.
James Owen agreed to round up his blog timings to the nearest hour.
ACTION: jco3

2. Use case document status ade12 and tam41 (point 1 of minutes 13th February)
Tate Moore discussed status of use case document with the group.
Group decided more detail was needed in the use case descriptions.

3. Draft interactive presentation status jco3 and fia5 (point 2 of minutes 13th February).
Fin Aubin and James Owen showed off the draft presentation.
Group discussed moving presentation to correct folder.
Dustin Baker suggested the login screen was not needed.
George Cooper decided to gather more feedback at a review meeting.

4. Mock-up screens for presentation status fia5 (point 3 of minutes 13th February)
Fin Aubin showed mock-up screens.
Group concluded login screen needs changing.

5. Test specification dub4 (point 4 of minutes 13th February)
Dustin showed status of test specification.
Tests are currently in separate spreadsheet.
Tests currently cover FR1 only.
Group concluded more tests for other FR were needed.

6. Draft Design specification status kif11, gwc1 (point 5 of minutes 13th February)
George Cooper and Kieran Foy discussed current status of Design Specification.
Section 1 and 2 complete.
Waiting on complete UI specification.
Kieran mentioned he compiled list of resources.

New business
============
1. Jack Grant explained absence to the rest of the group.
He announced his planned departure from university.
He revealed he would not be attending any more tutorials or meetings.

2. Review meeting
George Cooper and Dustin Baker decided to schedule a review meeting
to discuss the UI specification.
All attending members decided to look at review standards/QA7
Meeting was scheduled for 12-1 21/02/2023 at the Hugh Owen Library.
ACTION: gwc1, dub4, fia5, jco3, ade12, tam41 (attend review meeting)

3. UI use case/presentation improvements.
3 or 4 people to attend review meeting and work on changes.
ACTION: fia5, jco3 (Work on presentation changes discussed at review meeting)
ACTION: ade12 tam41 (Work on UI use case document changes discussed at review meeting)

4. 1 or 2 people to work on test specification.
Produce draft for next week.
gwc1 to work on tests FR2-FR6.
kif11 to work on tests FR7-FR11.
ACTION: gwc1, kif11

5. Prototype coding
whatâ€™s been done and what needs to be done?
Group discussed investigating implementation of UI.
Group decided to investigate how to implement UI if any member finished all assigned work early.
ACTION: All 

6. Design specification sections 3-5
Group decided design specification was low priority.
No action required this week.

7. QA manager to work on review meeting, manage issues, tidy up repository
Prepare repository for final documents.
Make sure all documents are uploaded in both doc and pdf form.
ACTION: dub4

AOB 
=== 	
- Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project.
- Investigate maven
