Project: Group Project 17 
Meeting: Weekly Project Meeting 
Persons present: All project members except jag89, tam41 (unwell)
Place and date of meeting: MP 2.04, Monday 17th April 2023 
Circulation list: All project members, plus project manager 
Author: George Cooper (gwc1) 
Date of minutes: 17/04/23 
Version: 1.1

Matters arising 
===============
1. Has everyone uploaded files/blogs?
	jco3 has updated all blogs.
	All blogs up to date.

2. Status of gitlab repository?
	All work uploaded apart from jco3/ade12 code.
	ACTION: jco3/ade12 upload work by this evening (18/04/23)

3. UI document completed ade12?
	UI document completed.
	dub4 looked over document.
	No further work required.

4. Test spec done
	kif11 worked on test spec, existing tests updated but
	more tests required.
	dub4 agreed to look over test spec.
	ACTION: dub4 look over test spec by next week (24/04/23)

5. UI presentation done fia5?
	fia5 completed UI presentation.
	dub4 agreed to look over the presentation.
	ACTION: dub4 look over UI presentation by next week (24/04/23)
	
6. Programming update
	gwc1 showed off chess project.
	showed off movement.
	
7. JUnit tests status
	tam41 unwell.
	JUnit tests status unknown.
	
8. Any work done over Easter?
	All those that did work over Easter have added to their blogs.

New business
============

1. 1 or 2 people to work on Junit tests
	write more tests.
	work on test report test table for intergration week.
	ACTION: Kif11, Tam41 by next week (24/04/23)

2. 1 person to finish test spec
	Add new tests
	ACTION: kif11 by next week (24/04/23)
	

2. 3 or 4 people to work on programming
	- show moves - gwc1
	- take piece - gwc1
	- add comment - gwc1
	- check/checkmate - finish over james
	- castling/en parsant - jco3
	- pawn promotion - fia5 intergrate screen
	- save/load - ade12 save load
	- replay - ade12 continue
	
	Show off work completed at next meeting.
	
	ACTION: gwc1/jco3/ade12 by next week (24/04/23)
	
3. Design document
	- Complete section 5
	
	ACTION: kif11/jco3 by next week (24/04/23)
	

4. Work on ITW plan
	Organise room booking on Tuesday
	ACTION: All by 18/03/23

AOB
===

1. Group members decided to meet once a week at Library to discuss the project (ACTION: All)
